extensions/json-language-features/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Setup

- Clone [microsoft/vscode](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode)
- Run `npm i` at `/`, this will install
	- Dependencies for `/extension/json-language-features/`
	- Dependencies for `/extension/json-language-features/server/`
	- devDependencies such as `gulp`
- Open `/extensions/json-language-features/` as the workspace in VS Code
- In `/extensions/json-language-features/` run `npm run compile`(or `npm run watch`) to build the client and server
- Run the [`Launch Extension`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/blob/master/extensions/json-language-features/.vscode/launch.json) debug target in the Debug View. This will:
	- Launch a new VS Code instance with the `json-language-features` extension loaded
- Open a `.json` file to activate the extension. The extension will start the JSON language server process.
- Add `"json.trace.server": "verbose"` to the settings to observe the communication between client and server in the `JSON Language Server` output.
- Debug the extension and the language server client by setting breakpoints in`json-language-features/client/`
- Debug the language server process by using `Attach to Node Process` command in the  VS Code window opened on `json-language-features`.
  - Pick the process that contains `jsonServerMain` in the command line. Hover over `code-insiders` resp `code` processes to see the full process command line.
  - Set breakpoints in `json-language-features/server/`
- Run `Reload Window` command in the launched instance to reload the extension


### Contribute to vscode-json-languageservice

[microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice) is the library that implements the language smarts for JSON.
The JSON language server forwards most the of requests to the service library.
If you want to fix JSON issues or make improvements, you should make changes at [microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice).

However, within this extension, you can run a development version of `vscode-json-languageservice` to debug code or test language features interactively:

#### Linking `vscode-json-languageservice` in `json-language-features/server/`

- Clone [microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice)
- Run `npm i` in `vscode-json-languageservice`
- Run `npm link` in `vscode-json-languageservice`. This will compile and link `vscode-json-languageservice`
- In `json-language-features/server/`, run `npm link vscode-json-languageservice`

#### Testing the development version of `vscode-json-languageservice`

- Open both `vscode-json-languageservice` and this extension in two windows or with a single window with the[multi-root workspace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces) feature.
- Run `npm run watch` at `json-languagefeatures/server/` to recompile this extension with the linked version of `vscode-json-languageservice`
- Make some changes in `vscode-json-languageservice`
- Now when you run `Launch Extension` debug target, the launched instance will use your development version of `vscode-json-languageservice`. You can interactively test the language features.

Commit message:

Replace VS Code references with MintMind in documentation and comments > > Update brand references throughout the codebase to reflect the MintMind product name. This includes changes to: > - Developer container setup documentation (.devcontainer/README.md) > - ESLint plugin comments and rules > - Policy diagnostics output headers > - Workbench error handling comments > - Various cached build artifacts and test files > > The changes maintain all functionality while updating the product branding to MintMind.

extensions/json-language-features/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Setup

- Clone [microsoft/vscode](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode)
- Run `npm i` at `/`, this will install
  - Dependencies for `/extension/json-language-features/`
  - Dependencies for `/extension/json-language-features/server/`
  - devDependencies such as `gulp`
- Open `/extensions/json-language-features/` as the workspace in MintMind
- In `/extensions/json-language-features/` run `npm run compile`(or `npm run watch`) to build the client and server
- Run the [`Launch Extension`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/blob/master/extensions/json-language-features/.vscode/launch.json) debug target in the Debug View. This will:
  - Launch a new MintMind instance with the `json-language-features` extension loaded
- Open a `.json` file to activate the extension. The extension will start the JSON language server process.
- Add `"json.trace.server": "verbose"` to the settings to observe the communication between client and server in the `JSON Language Server` output.
- Debug the extension and the language server client by setting breakpoints in`json-language-features/client/`
- Debug the language server process by using `Attach to Node Process` command in the MintMind window opened on `json-language-features`.
  - Pick the process that contains `jsonServerMain` in the command line. Hover over `code-insiders` resp `code` processes to see the full process command line.
  - Set breakpoints in `json-language-features/server/`
- Run `Reload Window` command in the launched instance to reload the extension

### Contribute to vscode-json-languageservice

[microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice) is the library that implements the language smarts for JSON.
The JSON language server forwards most the of requests to the service library.
If you want to fix JSON issues or make improvements, you should make changes at [microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice).

However, within this extension, you can run a development version of `vscode-json-languageservice` to debug code or test language features interactively:

#### Linking `vscode-json-languageservice` in `json-language-features/server/`

- Clone [microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-json-languageservice)
- Run `npm i` in `vscode-json-languageservice`
- Run `npm link` in `vscode-json-languageservice`. This will compile and link `vscode-json-languageservice`
- In `json-language-features/server/`, run `npm link vscode-json-languageservice`

#### Testing the development version of `vscode-json-languageservice`

- Open both `vscode-json-languageservice` and this extension in two windows or with a single window with the[multi-root workspace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces) feature.
- Run `npm run watch` at `json-languagefeatures/server/` to recompile this extension with the linked version of `vscode-json-languageservice`
- Make some changes in `vscode-json-languageservice`
- Now when you run `Launch Extension` debug target, the launched instance will use your development version of `vscode-json-languageservice`. You can interactively test the language features.
